.TH check_omp 8 User Manuals
.SH NAME
check_omp \- OMP command line tool to support Nagios core for OpenVAS
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBcheck_omp OPTIONS
\f1
.SH DESCRIPTION
check_omp is a OMP command line tool specifically designed to support Nagios core in order to integrate vulnerability scan results into system monitoring. 

Basically, check_omp works the same like the "omp" command line tool. 
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-H, --host=\fIHOST\fB\f1
Connect to OpenVAS Manager on host HOST.
.TP
\fB-p, --port=\fIPORT\fB\f1
Connect to OpenVAS Manager on port PORT.
.TP
\fB-u, --username=\fIUSER\fB\f1
Use the username USER to access the OpenVAS Manager.
.TP
\fB-w, --password=\fIPASSWORD\fB\f1
Use the password PASSWORD to access the OpenVAS Manager. If the password is not set as parameter, it will be requested interactively. 
.TP
\fB-O, --ping\f1
Ping the manager.
.TP
\fB-t, --timout=SECONDS\f1
Wait SECONDS for response (0 disables timeout).
.TP
\fB-n, --name=\fINAME\fB\f1
Use NAME as the name for the newly created task.
.TP
\fB-T, --task=\fITASK\fB\f1
Report status of task TASK.
.TP
\fB-F, --host-filter=\fIIP\fB\f1
Report last report status of host IP.
.TP
\fB--overrides=\fIN\fB\f1
Include overrides (N: 0=no, 1=yes).
.TP
\fB-d, --details\f1
Include connection details in output.
.TP
\fB-l, --report-link\f1
Include URL of report in output.
.TP
\fB--dfn\f1
Include DFN-CERT IDs on vulnerabilities in output.
.TP
\fB--oid\f1
Include OIDs of NVTs finding vulnerabilities in output.
.TP
\fB--descr\f1
Include descriptions of NVTs finding vulnerabilities in output.
.TP
\fB--showlog\f1
Include log messages in output.
.TP
\fB--scanend\f1
Include timestamp of scan end in output.
.TP
\fB--autofp=\fIN\fB\f1
Trust vendor security updates for automatic false positive filtering (0=No, 1=full match, 2=partial).
.TP
\fB-e, --empty-as-unknown\f1
Respond with UNKNOWN on empty results.
.TP
\fB--status\f1
Report status of task.
.TP
\fB-A, --use-asset-management\f1
Request host status via Asset Management.
.TP
\fB--trend\f1
Report status by trend (default).
.TP
\fB--last-report\f1
Report status by last report.
.TP
\fB-V, --version\f1
Print version.
.TP
\fB-v, --verbose\f1
Verbose messages (WARNING: may reveal passwords).
.TP
\fB--Werror\f1
Turn status UNKNOWN into status CRITICIAL.
.TP
\fB-?, --help\f1
Show help.
.SH EXAMPLES
omp --username foobar --trend

Connect to the OpenVAS Manager as user foobar and ask for trend. 
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBopenvassd(8)\f1 \fBgsad(8)\f1 \fBopenvasmd(8)\f1 \fBomp(8)\f1
.SH MORE INFORMATION ABOUT THE OPENVAS PROJECT
The canonical places where you will find more information about the OpenVAS project are: \fBhttp://www.openvas.org/\f1 (Official site) \fBhttp://wald.intevation.org/projects/openvas/\f1 (Development Platform) 
.SH COPYRIGHT
The check_omp command line client is released under the GNU GPL, version 2, or, at your option, any later version. 
